# ***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK *****
# Version: MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1
#
# The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version
# 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
# http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
#
# Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
# WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
# for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
# License.
#
# The Original Code is Tab Sidebar Display.
#
# The Initial Developer of the Original Code is
#      Dave Townsend <dtownsend@oxymoronical.com>.
#
# Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 2006
# the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Contributor(s):
#
# Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of
# either the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or
# the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),
# in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead
# of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only
# under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to
# use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your
# decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice
# and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete
# the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under
# the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.
#
# ***** END LICENSE BLOCK *****
#
# $HeadURL: http://svn.oxymoronical.com/dave/mozilla/firefox/buildid/trunk/src/chrome/content/browserOverlay.xul $
# $LastChangedBy: dave $
# $Date: 2007-07-05 17:26:47 +0100 (Thu, 05 Jul 2007) $
# $Revision: 1116 $
#
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"[
  <!ENTITY % brandDTD SYSTEM "chrome://tabsidebar/locale/brand.dtd" >
  <!ENTITY % helpDTD SYSTEM "chrome://tabsidebar/locale/help/help.dtd" >
  <!ENTITY % menusDTD SYSTEM "chrome://tabsidebar/locale/tabsidebar.dtd" >
  <!ENTITY % platformDTD SYSTEM "chrome://browser/locale/help/platformStrings.dtd" >
  %brandDTD;
  %helpDTD;
  %platformDTD;
  %menusDTD;
]>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>&tabsidebar.brand; Options</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="chrome://help/skin/helpFileLayout.css"/>
</head>

<body>

<h1>&tabsidebar.brand; Options</h1>
<p>This document explains all of the options available in the
   options window of &tabsidebar.brand;.</p>

<div class="contentsBox">In this section:
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#options">Displaying Options</a></li>
    <li><a href="#general_options">General Settings</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>

<h2 id="options">Displaying Options</h2>

<p>To view the options go to <span class="menuPath">Tools &gt; Extensions</span>. Then select &tabsidebar.brand; and
   click the <span class="menuPath">Options</span> button.</p>

<h2 id="general_options">General Settings</h2>

<dl>
	<dt>&options.hidetabs;:</dt>
  <dd>This option allows you to hide the browser's main tab bar when the tab sidebar is open. The tab bar
   will be made visible again when you close the tab sidebar.</dd>

  <dt>&options.buttons;:</dt>
  <dd>Displays navigation buttons for each tab similar to those on the toolbar. The buttons include stop, reload,
   back, forward and history.</dd>
</dl>

</body>
</html>
