# ***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK *****
# Version: MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1
#
# The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version
# 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
# http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
#
# Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
# WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
# for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
# License.
#
# The Original Code is Tab Sidebar Display.
#
# The Initial Developer of the Original Code is
#      Dave Townsend <dtownsend@oxymoronical.com>.
#
# Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 2006
# the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Contributor(s):
#
# Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of
# either the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or
# the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),
# in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead
# of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only
# under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to
# use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your
# decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice
# and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete
# the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under
# the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.
#
# ***** END LICENSE BLOCK *****
#
# $HeadURL: http://svn.oxymoronical.com/dave/mozilla/firefox/buildid/trunk/src/chrome/content/browserOverlay.xul $
# $LastChangedBy: dave $
# $Date: 2007-07-05 17:26:47 +0100 (Thu, 05 Jul 2007) $
# $Revision: 1116 $
#
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"[
  <!ENTITY % tabbrowserDTD SYSTEM "chrome://global/locale/tabbrowser.dtd" >
  <!ENTITY % brandDTD SYSTEM "chrome://tabsidebar/locale/brand.dtd" >
  <!ENTITY % menusDTD SYSTEM "chrome://tabsidebar/locale/tabsidebar.dtd" >
  <!ENTITY % platformDTD SYSTEM "chrome://browser/locale/help/platformStrings.dtd" >
  %tabbrowserDTD;
  %brandDTD;
  %menusDTD;
  %platformDTD;
]>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Using &tabsidebar.brand;</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="chrome://help/skin/helpFileLayout.css"/>
</head>

<body>

<h1>Using &tabsidebar.brand;</h1>
<p>This document explains how to use &tabsidebar.brand;.</p>

<div class="contentsBox">In this section:
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#usage_displaying">Displaying and Closing &tabsidebar.brand;</a></li>
    <li><a href="#usage_previews">Using Previews</a></li>
    <li><a href="#usage_tabs">Manipulating Tabs</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>

<h2 id="usage_displaying">Displaying and Closing &tabsidebar.brand;</h2>

<p>In order to display or close the sidebar you should use the menu <span class="menuPath">View &gt; Sidebar &gt;
   &tabsidebar.menu.label;</span>. Alternatively you may quickly display and close the sidebar by using the key combination
   &accelKey;+&shiftKey;+<kbd>T</kbd> or &accelKey;+&shiftKey;+<kbd>E</kbd>. &tabsidebar.brand; also provides a toolbar
   button that you can use to display the sidebar. Simply customise your toolbars in the usual way and drag the &tabsidebar.brand;
   button onto one of your toolbars.</p>
   
<h2 id="usage_previews">Using Previews</h2>

<p>Of course one of the big benefits to using &tabsidebar.brand; is the thumbnail previews to every tab you have open.
   Previews are automatically redrawn whenever the page changes.</p>

<h2 id="usage_tabs">Manipulating Tabs</h2>

<p>&tabsidebar.brand; provides as many ways of working with tabs as the normal tab bar does. This is a list of the
   actions available:</p>
   
<dl>
	<dt>Creating new tabs</dt>
  <dd>New tabs can be created in the sidebar in much the same way as in the main tab bar. Simply double clicking in an
   empty space of the sidebar, even between the tabs, will create a new tab there . Alternatively you can <span class="noMac">right-click</span>
   <span class="mac">Press &ctrlKey;, click on</span> the sidebar and select <span class="menuPath">&newTab.label;</span> to create a tab at the bottom.
   It is also possible to drag and drop a website address, or a bookmark onto any blank area of the sidebar, even between tabs, to create a new
   tab and display that address.</dd>

	<dt>Closing active and background tabs</dt> 
  <dd>There are a few options for closing tabs. The quickest way is the same as the main tab bar, just middle-click on a tab
   in the sidebar to close it. Alternatively you can <span class="noMac">right-click</span>
   <span class="mac">Press &ctrlKey;, click on</span> the sidebar and select <span class="menuPath">&closeTab.label;</span>.
   Finally you can also use the close button to close a tab.</dd>
   
	<dd>The context menu also allows you to close all tabs except one. Just <span class="noMac">right-click</span>
   <span class="mac">Press &ctrlKey;, click on</span> the tab to remain open and choose <span class="menuPath">&closeOtherTabs.label;</span>.</dd>
   
	<dt>Reloading active and background tabs</dt>
  <dd>Like the main tab bar, &tabsidebar.brand; provides the ability to reload a single tab, or all tabs from the context menu.
   Simply <span class="noMac">right-click</span>
   <span class="mac">Press &ctrlKey;, click on</span> the sidebar and select <span class="menuPath">&reloadTab.label;</span>
   or <span class="menuPath">&reloadAllTabs.label;</span>. By default, each tab display contains a reload button
   so that you can reload a tab with a single click. You can disable this from the
   <a href="options.xhtml#display_options">display options</a>.</dd>

	<dt>Moving tabs</dt>
  <dd>Like the main tab bar, &tabsidebar.brand; allows you to move tabs around using simple drag and drop actions. Just hold the
   first mouse button down on a tab and start moving the mouse to initiate the drag. As you move the mouse up and down the tab
   bar an indicator will appear to show where the tab will move to when you release the mouse button.</dd>
   
  <dt>Other actions</dt>
  <dd>If you have any other tab-related extensions installed then their options should appear on the tab context menu
   in the same way as they do for the main tab bar.</dd>
</dl>
   
</body>
</html>
