# ***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK *****
# Version: MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1
#
# The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version
# 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
# http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
#
# Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
# WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
# for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
# License.
#
# The Original Code is Tab Sidebar Display.
#
# The Initial Developer of the Original Code is
#      Dave Townsend <dtownsend@oxymoronical.com>.
#
# Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 2006
# the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Contributor(s):
#
# Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of
# either the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or
# the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),
# in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead
# of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only
# under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to
# use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your
# decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice
# and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete
# the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under
# the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.
#
# ***** END LICENSE BLOCK *****
#
# $HeadURL: http://svn.oxymoronical.com/dave/mozilla/firefox/buildid/trunk/src/chrome/content/browserOverlay.xul $
# $LastChangedBy: dave $
# $Date: 2007-07-05 17:26:47 +0100 (Thu, 05 Jul 2007) $
# $Revision: 1116 $
#
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"[
  <!ENTITY % brandDTD SYSTEM "chrome://tabsidebar/locale/brand.dtd" >
  %brandDTD;
]>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>&tabsidebar.brand; Help</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="chrome://help/skin/helpFileLayout.css"/>
</head>
<body>

<h1>Welcome to &tabsidebar.brand; Help</h1>
<p>To display information about &tabsidebar.brand; in this window, click topics in
  the <em>Contents</em> sidebar. Click the <span class="noMac">plus icon</span>
  <span class="mac">triangle</span> next to a topic to see its subtopics.</p>

<p>You can also use the <em>Search</em> bar to find specific
  information within &tabsidebar.brand; Help.  For more information on using
  &tabsidebar.brand; Help, see <a href="chrome://help/locale/welcome.xhtml">Using
  the Help Window</a>.</p>

</body>
</html>
