<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"[
  <!ENTITY % tabbrowserDTD SYSTEM "chrome://global/locale/tabbrowser.dtd" >
  <!ENTITY % brandDTD SYSTEM "chrome://tabsidebar/locale/brand.dtd" >
  <!ENTITY % menusDTD SYSTEM "chrome://tabsidebar/locale/tabsidebar.dtd" >
  <!ENTITY % platformDTD SYSTEM "chrome://browser/locale/help/platformStrings.dtd" >
  %tabbrowserDTD;
  %brandDTD;
  %menusDTD;
  %platformDTD;
]>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Using &tabsidebar.brand;</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="chrome://help/skin/helpFileLayout.css"/>
</head>

<body>

<h1>Using &tabsidebar.brand;</h1>
<p>This document explains how to use &tabsidebar.brand;.</p>

<div class="contentsBox">In this section:
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#usage_displaying">Displaying and Closing &tabsidebar.brand;</a></li>
    <li><a href="#usage_previews">Using Previews</a></li>
    <li><a href="#usage_tabs">Manipulating Tabs</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>

<h2 id="usage_displaying">Displaying and Closing &tabsidebar.brand;</h2>

<p>In order to display or close the sidebar you should use the menu <span class="menuPath">View &gt; Sidebar &gt;
   &tabsidebar.menu.label;</span>. Alternatively you may quickly display and close the sidebar by using the key combination
   &accelKey;+&shiftKey;+<kbd>T</kbd> or &accelKey;+&shiftKey;+<kbd>E</kbd>.</p>
   
<h2 id="usage_previews">Using Previews</h2>

<p>Of course one of the big benefits to using &tabsidebar.brand; is the thumbnail previews to every tab you have open.
   Previews are automatically redrawn automatically every time a page is loaded.</p>

<h2 id="usage_tabs">Manipulating Tabs</h2>

<p>&tabsidebar.brand; provides as many ways of working with tabs as the normal tab bar does. This is a list of the
   actions available:</p>
   
<dl>
	<dt>Creating new tabs</dt>
  <dd>New tabs can be created in the sidebar in much the same way as in the main tab bar. Simply double clicking in an
   empty space of the sidebar, even between the tabs, will create a new tab there . Alternatively you can <span class="noMac">right-click</span>
   <span class="mac">Press &ctrlKey;, click on</span> the sidebar and select <span class="menuPath">&newTab.label;</span> to create a tab at the bottom.
   It is also possible to drag and drop a website address, or a bookmark onto any blank area of the sidebar, even between tabs, to create a new
   tab and display that address.</dd>

	<dt>Closing active and background tabs</dt> 
  <dd>There are a few options for closing tabs. The quickest way is the same as the main tab bar, just middle-click on a tab
   in the sidebar to close it. Alternatively you can <span class="noMac">right-click</span>
   <span class="mac">Press &ctrlKey;, click on</span> the sidebar and select <span class="menuPath">&closeTab.label;</span>.
   Finally if you have set up your <a href="options.xhtml#display_options">sidebar display options</a>
   to show a close button, then clicking on that will close the tab.</dd>
   
	<dd>The context menu also allows you to close all tabs except one. Just <span class="noMac">right-click</span>
   <span class="mac">Press &ctrlKey;, click on</span> the tab to remain open and choose <span class="menuPath">&closeOtherTabs.label;</span>.</dd>
   
	<dt>Reloading active and background tabs</dt>
  <dd>Like the main tab bar, &tabsidebar.brand; provides the ability to reload a single tab, or all tabs from the context menu.
   Simply <span class="noMac">right-click</span>
   <span class="mac">Press &ctrlKey;, click on</span> the sidebar and select <span class="menuPath">&reloadTab.label;</span>
   or <span class="menuPath">&reloadAllTabs.label;</span>. By default, each tab display contains a reload button
   so that you can reload a tab with a single click. You can disable this from the
   <a href="options.xhtml#display_options">display options</a>.</dd>

	<dt>Moving tabs</dt>
  <dd>Like the main tab bar, &tabsidebar.brand; allows you to move tabs around using simple drag and drop actions. Just hold the
   first mouse button down on a tab and start moving the mouse to initiate the drag. As you move the mouse up and down the tab
   bar an indicator will appear to show where the tab will move to when you release the mouse button.</dd>
</dl>
   
</body>
</html>
